# BuzzBattleCopy
BuzzBattle made by the Bee Team. BuzzBattle was made using MonoGame and Visual Studios. Please follow the instructions to open and play the game smoothly. Application may not work on non-Windows devices.

Instructions: Download the zip file and extract it. The game needs Microsoft Visual Studio to run so please, have Visual Studio 2019 with .Net Framework v4.7.2 installed to run smoothly. From there, please have MonoGame extension installed into your Visual Studio. Open Visual Studios and go to "Extensions --> Manage Extenstions" Then in the search bar, type "MonoGame" and install that extention. Wait for the installation to complete then close the visual studios and let's make some levels for the game. First create some levels for your game by openning the WaveEditor_v1.sln solution file in Visual Studios 2019. Once opened, go ahead and press the play button on top (looks like a green triangle) and the level editor should appear. After making your levels, click the save button on the top left corner of the wave editor window and it will ask you to locate the game file "buzzbattle.exe", which should be in "..\BuzzBattle\bin\Windows\x86\Debug" and openning the BuzzBattle.exe application. Once completed, there should be a pop-up letting you know that you are all set and you can now close the window and head to the game. Go ahead and open the BuzzBattle.sln in Visual Studio 2019 and press the play button. The game should open up if everything was set  correctly. If there is an error message saying failure to locate the wave file, please go back to the wave editor and saving the wave file again. 

Game Features: After beating all the levels that was set in the wave editor, the game will then go into a endless run so you do not have to create a lot of levels. There is also a special mode in the options menu that allows you to never lose. Good Luck.

This project was made possible by the Bee Team. I, Justin Cheng, worked on gameplay aspects including the health system, damage indicators, and enemy path finding/auto navigation. 
